We've created a framework for the two
leaders to discuss on Thursday in Korea.
Treasury Secretary Scott Besson there
speaking as US and Chinese negotiators
tee up a trade deal to be [music]
finalized by Presidents Trump and Xi
Jinping later on this week. You're
watching the China show. I'm Yvon
[music] Man with David.
>> A very good morning to all of you. We
are kicking off a big week in our brand
new studios here in Hong Kong. We're
counting down to the open of trade. Hong
Kong, Shanghai, and Shenzhen. Let's get
to [music] your top stories today. It's
risk on across these markets as
investors cheer progress toward a wide
ranging trade deal between the US
[music] and China.
>> At at the heart of that agreement are
Chinese purchases of US soybeans and the
flow of critical minerals. Those details
to be finalized [music] in Thursday's
expected meetings between President
Trump and Xi. Meanwhile, South Korea's
president tells us that talks [music]
with the US on a $350 billion investment
plan will remain stuck on all major
[music] details.
>> The US will of course try to maximize
its interests, but [music] it must not
be to the extent that causes
catastrophic consequences for South
Korea.
>> [music]
>> And I'm April Hong in Koala Looo for the
ASEAN summit where President Trump
announced a flurry of other deals with
partners in the region. We'll have the
details coming right up.
All right. Same show, new set though.
Dave, come on. We're very excited about
it to really long awaited sort of revamp
of our Hong Kong studios here. If we
could just do a bump shot of just how
big it is and a big sort of labor of
love when it comes to our New York team
that flew in the last couple of days to
really get this going. And yes, we've
thrown away the podiums. We're back to a
nice, beautiful desk. And of course,
plenty more to cover here this week. It
is a big, big week when it comes to
macro risk and events.
>> It's almost like we did it on purpose.
>> We did actually. So what happened was on
Friday it was the old set breaking news
and then we rushed everyone in to get
that's of course an exaggeration. We
can't wait to tell you all the stories
from our brand new set here. Some of the
stories you want to hear, some of the
stories you don't want to hear, but that
is of course what we do here. We're
looking at these markets and certainly
just perfect timing to be able to
leverage off what we have right now to
tell the world a story right now. Big
big week ahead of us.
>> Yeah, the tea up as we say, right? It
looks like those two days in Koala
Lumpur were quite fruitful for the US
and China. There seems to be some
consensus when it comes to the likes of
soybeans, fentinel, uh export curves. I
think that's one thing we still got to
see what really happened there. But
certainly markets are really liking what
we've heard from Malaysia here. Of
course, as Trump heads to Tokyo soon.
>> Yep. In a couple of hours, we'll get to
that in a moment. As Ivon is pointing
out, what a day to be long these markets
right now. In fact, I'll be back in a
moment there with Ivon. Let me just step
aside and have a look at these markets
right now. And of course, our first
opportunity to show off our new set. And
you know what what we've done is we've
taken markets and we've taken them at
record highs. That's that's our starting
point today. Asia-Pacific benchmark
coming up on your screens. Dollar and
we're looking at the Aussie and the yen.
A gauge of risk appetite right now. As
you can see, it's risk across these
markets. Dollar is on offer. Bond
futures are on the way down. A closer
look at equity markets. Nic cost
nic,000.
Taiwan is coming online. US futures
bottom of the screens. It's green across
your screens right now. No better way to
look at risk appetite right now. away
from equity markets, it's really in
commodities, right? So, you have a
massive pop as far as oil goes. Copper
should be opening up as things stand and
there was actually a chance when you
look at sort of the copper contracts
traded in the US that we could actually
see and we are very close to a record
[snorts] high very close a record high
in LME copper right now this divergence
between Bitcoin and gold something to
watch of course very close within the
equity complex we already seeing that in
fact play out the approach to the open
today so we had a challenging week for
the most part of last week good end to
the week it looks like we are set for a
rally rally here today. A50 futures are
called about 9% to the upside. Of
course, as we talked about, oil's also
catching a decent bid today. On the back
of all the news, encouraging news. Let's
see how things pan out. Of course, out
of the weekend, out of uh the Azan
meetings, Ivon,
>> it is a perfect sort of setup as you say
for markets and I think people are
really looking at now APE as possibly
the in the final signature really from
presidents Trump and she on this trade
deal that seems to be uh really ironed
out over the weekend here. And as we
talk about these top trade negotiators
from both sides, they say that they have
come to terms on a range of contentious
points. Now, it does set the table for
when the two leaders meet to finalize
that deal at the meeting this week. Take
a listen.
President Trump gave me
[clears throat and laughter] a great
deal of negotiating leverage with the
threat of the 100% tariffs on November
1st and I believe we've reached a very
substantial framework that will avoid
that and allow us to discuss many other
things with the Chinese.
All right, let's bring in our reporters.
Ail Hong joins us out of KL today and of
course Midman Lo here in on set with us
here in Hong Kong. Ail, let me start
with you. That's really where all the
news was on the weekend going into this
morning and hence why we're looking at
risk assets uh rallying quite hard and
we'll see how long this lasts. Uh get us
up to speed. What was what was agreed
on? Uh what do we know?
>> Well, there was really a flurry of
activity over the weekend. I mean coming
into this weekend there was still that
overhang about the Trumpy meeting right
will they or won't they meet in South
Korea and then a number of sticking
points given how they ratcheted up the
pressure we saw how earlier in the month
uh Besson called the top Chinese trade
negotiator or one of them Kang unhinged
so there was a lot at stake coming into
this weekend and then there were this
flurry of like optimistic activity
coming out of Malaysia. Two days of
trade talks between the top US and
Chinese trade negotiators on the US side
led by Scott Vesson, Treasury Secretary
and on the Chinese side, Hurley Fung,
the vice premier and these talks that
took place in Ma 11A, which by the way,
second tallest building in the world.
The idea behind that is to really tee
things up so that their bosses on
Thursday when they meet in South Korea
can seal the deal, finalize a sort of
trade agreement. So some of the key
sticking points that have been cleared
out of the way, there's been optimism
about some resolution on fentinil.
Importantly, we're also hearing about
increases of soybean purchases. And of
course when it comes to rare earth's
optimism that there will be a delay in
the restrictions coming from the Chinese
side.
>> Yeah, that certainly seems to be why
we're seeing most of the relief across
these markets. I think just given that
was what led to the recent flare up
midman. But tell us basic readouts that
we're getting from state media and how
they're covering what happened in KL.
What's the message that China is sending
so far?
>> Yeah, it's definitely a very positive
tone from China. I mean you just look at
the visuals out of the Malaysia uh talks
you saw Hurly coming out big smile on
his face he walked past the reporters
didn't talk to them but looking very
upbeat and also the same photo with a
big smile pasted on on that official
readout on Sinoa news as well and the
Chinese side is saying they reached
consensus on a number of issues beyond
what April mentioned the soybeans and
fentinil there was also shipping levies
that was agreed upon and you read
between the lines when it comes to
fentinil if they said that they agreed
on something there it could mean potenti
potentially either a reduction or
removal of that 20% fentinil related
tariffs. Uh and the tone again very
positive. You look at some of the
editorials on global times for example
quoted something from President Xi
himself saying that both US and China
are capable of helping each other
succeed and prospering together and that
the achievements are hardworn. These
turbulence are not something they want
to see again.
>> Yeah, you know markets are trying to
figure out what and of the multiple
angles to trade on today. Hey, April,
before I just get to you, I just want to
also mention that Taiwan is coming
online, as we mentioned at the top of
the show, 8 minutes into the session,
they were already up 2%. Uh, Marco Rubio
also commenting that the US will not
change its Taiwan policy in exchange for
a China trade deal. Speaking of April,
what other deals were announced out of
Azan?
>> Yeah, I mean, Trump really got busy
while he was here on Sunday. He leaves
by the way for Japan in the next hour as
we understand it and the flurry of
activity in terms of not just trade
deals or trade frameworks included for
the likes of Thailand, Cambodia, uh
Vietnam, Malaysia as well. And what
stands out from that is not just the
deal making that activity that is going
on but also how this is really part of
the drive for the US to secure the
supply chain when it comes to critical
minerals because we did hear about some
of these engagements with the Malaysians
for example. They have been looking to
move up the value chain when it comes to
critical minerals. But what do they
need? they need investments to do that.
So there have been positive developments
in that regard. Uh but when it comes to
some of these deals, it's really about
the devil being in the details as well
because of course there are a couple of
other sticking points. For example, for
Malaysia's deal, it needs to commit to
that purchase of $150 billion of US
goods. For the Cambodians, even though
they're hearing of these exemptions for
some of their goods, they're still
hopeful or holding out that governments
will be exempted from tariffs. And this,
don't forget, is accounting for about
50% of Cambodia's exports. So, there are
a number of details that still need to
be filled in at the moment. David
>> team, fantastic. Thank you so much
Averil Hong there in Malaysia for us and
Minman low here on set as we approach
the open 20 uh minutes ago. We're
looking at futures pointing to a some
decent upside right now. 810 to 1% on
A50 futures. Some strength coming
through in the Chinese currency markets
are initially loving this. Dare I say
Jason Louie is here with us on sets,
head of APAC equity and derivative
strategy at BNP Paraba. Does the market
reaction make sense to you at this
point?
>> Yeah, absolutely. I think if you look at
the price action over the past few
weeks, uh certainly in the Hong Kong
market that we've been going through a
roller coaster ride in terms of the US
China relations and especially when you
look at the technology side of things
like we've seen Hangen Tech did
incredibly well in September and it's
given back almost half the gains uh for
about a week and a half and we're
starting to see a little bit of that
recovery towards the end of last week
and so hopefully today with little bit
more definitive positive news that would
be good. But what's more interesting to
us is on the Asia market that on a
point-to-point basis for the entire
month of October, despite all the
volatility between US and China when it
comes to geopolitics, the market is
actually flat to smoke up. I think
that's something we briefly discussed
last time when we talked about this kind
of so-called slow market in the Asia.
>> Yeah, you mentioned the slowbo market.
What do you think is is essential to
providing that stability in that Asia
market now? and what part of the market
is most
>> sure I think when we talk about slowbo
is mostly focusing on the onshore market
and the key here is about asset
reallocation I think it's been well
understood in the market that the
onshore risk-free rate will remain quite
low for some time and so there is this
desire that the onshore household needs
to move the money into something that's
a little bit higher yielding and so in
order to encourage that process the
policy makers hoping to create this
equity asset class that is something
stable enough where the household can
put money in in the medium to long run.
We have seen some of that happening
being on the ETF buying by the national
team, but more importantly, we want to
see some of that happening from a policy
clarity standpoint. And so the fourth
plan last week actually provided some
interesting kind of uh guidelines in
terms of what to expect in the next 3 to
5 years.
>> Well, tell us about that from the fourth
plenum. What was the takeaway for you
there?
>> Sure. I think for us there are two
perhaps something worth noting point.
Number one, uh even though it's not a
usual topic for the fourth plenum, the
government did acknowledge or commit to
fulfill the fullear target for growth.
And I think that is a positive surprise
because previously the market were more
thinking about what is it going to be in
the 5-year plan rather than anything
immediate. So with that statement
included, we are of the view that there
could be some easing between now and
year end likely in the form of 10 basis
point in the risky rate. The other one
that is interesting for us is this
recommmitment to high-tech innovation.
And that has been a major theme for both
the Hong Kong market and the onshore
market. So I think having that
medium-term to long-term visibility
should continue to allow investor to
feel a little bit more positive about
the market.
>> If it's about tech innovation, a lot of
these homegrown giants or you know the
ones that they've trying to at least
nurture and build, I mean they're
trading at very elevated levels here
right now. I think we talked about some
of the chip names as well. Can we still
stay on those kind of grip of stocks or
where where do you tilt to now?
>> I think when we talk about the tech
investment pieces, we have to divide it
into the hardware and the software part
of things. I think on the hardware part,
you're right like when we look at a lot
of the leaders in the China onshore
market, they're trading 40 50 times or
even higher PE. But that's also a
reflection that the starting point for
China's hardware side is quite low. And
so investors are hoping that in 3 years
time they can at least close the gap
with some of the global peers. But when
we look at the software side, the AI
application side, this is where we think
could be more opportunity at least in
the near term, which is the Hansen
technology index where the index itself
is trading roughly 20 times forward PE
uh for the next 12 months actually below
its historical average since the
inception uh back in the 2020s. So I
think that is a interesting entry point
when it comes to the valuation discount
versus its own history and also versus
some of the more I guess expensive peers
both in China and outside of China.
Since you mentioned Hangen Tech, you
alluded to this earlier on. There was a
wobble last week and momentum/growth.
There's an overlap between the two. Do
you think that's back? What do you think
happened last week?
>> So, if we probably take a step back
maybe last two weeks because when we
noticed that you had that peak to I
guess trough uh retracement of quite a
meaningful amount. I think a couple
things happened. Number one, there were
a lot of gains that was concentrated
around September especially when it
comes to Hangen Technology Index. Number
two, we actually saw a rotation from
these kind of high growth sensitive
stocks to value stocks. If you look at
the month of October, the high dividend
stocks in Hong Kong actually done very
well. We have a basket of high dividend
stocks that actually posted a 6% return
month to date, whereas the broader HSI
market is actually down about 2%. So you
have this kind of rotation from uh
growth to value or to dividend yield
which we thought would happen in
December but now it seems to be a little
bit earlier but now with this positive
news for over over the weekend then it
is possible that part of that money will
rotate back but on an international
level uh we also see something quite
interesting um so when we look at the
ETF listed in the US despite the draw
down we actually see money inflow into
the China ETF of the world that's right
that's right
>> um Are you is there any suggest thing to
suggest that this calm is going to last?
I mean, what are you looking for in
particular maybe in at APEC on this
whole grand bargain that seems to be
ironed out to really kind of add more
conviction for you? What what
specifically are you looking for in this
trade deal?
>> I think the expectation of this
particular meeting has evolved quite a
lot over the past few weeks because
let's say if we rewind the clock about 3
weeks ago, we're just happy that
President Trump and President Xia are
finally meeting in person. And then in
between we have both sides kind of
increasing pressure in terms of this
kind of trade negotiation. So I think
part of that's been uh kind of eased up
over the weekend. But I think before the
market to get more comfortable, we
hopefully want to see a little bit more
concrete. You may recall that US and
China have done multiple rounds of trade
talk and the market has not actually
seen the actual agreement. We've seen
statement from both sides, but we
actually haven't seen the actual
agreement. So if President Trump and
President Xi can deliver an actual
statement on the terms that are being
agreed upon, I think that will provide
more comfort to the market.
>> Okay, Jason, we got to leave it there,
but thank you so much for breaking in
our new studios for head of APAC equity
and derative strategy at BMP Paraba
here. We're going to bring you some live
pictures that we're seeing when it comes
to the foreign minister of China, Wang
Yi. He's speaking at the Lantang Forum
on when it comes to diplomacy, global
governance. Uh we'll bring you some
updates here on what he has to say of
course as we countd down to President
Trump and she meeting at the sidelines
of Ape there in just a few days there in
South Korea. So big big week Dave.
>> Absolutely big week. We're go counting
down to the open of trade the first one
of the week. We're called higher cross
futures. 13 minutes away the opening
bell. You're watching the China [music]
show. Good morning.
>> International rules should not be
applied to electric according to one's
own.
[music]
>> Welcome back. Good morning. You're
watching the China show. You're in time
for the strongest remn.
In fact, first time I think we're seeing
a 708
handle on the midpoint today. As you can
see, we're looking at already some
weakness in the dollar, even more so
following the strong fix.
>> Yeah, potentially it could be a bit of
an olive branch of course as the two
leaders meet uh set to be there later on
this week. So maybe this is a sign that
China is keeping the currency at least
strong uh before those negotiations and
of course that final signing of that
trade deal. Let's talk a little more
about South Korea because the president
says that talks with Washington on a
$350 billion investment pledge remains
stuck on all major details. We spoke to
Li Mun ahead of his Wednesday meeting
with President Trump on the sidelines of
the Apex summit.
>> The negotiations between Korea and the
United States are proceeding in two
areas of security and economics
simultaneously.
Negotiations in the field of security
issues are going very well. But
negotiations in the area of economics,
especially trade, have reached a
preliminary agreement, and we're in the
process of hashing out the details. The
discussion is ongoing, and there are
some differences of opinion, but the
delay does not necessarily mean that
this is a failure. We already have a
comprehensive agreement, and we're
currently working on the details. So, I
would appreciate your patience.
When it comes to Japan's deal, there
have been some divergent
interpretations. Is South Korea trying
to make it more specific than Japan's?
And if that's the case, could that
become more burdensome for Korea later
on? [snorts]
>> Korea is not Japan. I do not fully know
what deal the US and Japan has struck,
but from our point of view, we have our
own circumstances, and we will reach a
rational result that suits us. Of
course, the example of Japan or Europe
could be a base that we can refer to.
But in the end, we must find a way which
takes into account Korea's circumstances
that is acceptable to Korea and also
helps the United States in its
manufacturing renaissance. As we search
for a mutually beneficial path, there
will be differences as well as alignment
of opinions.
>> In finding common ground, could the size
of the US investment fund become
smaller?
The method of investment, the amount of
investment, the timeline and how we will
share the losses and divide the
dividends. All of these remain sticking
points. The US will of course try to
maximize its interests, but it must not
be to the extent that causes
catastrophic consequences for South
Korea. The United States is the leading
country in the world when it comes to
democracy and rationality.
South Korea is an ally and friend of the
United States. So we believe that we
will be able to reach a rational result
that is acceptable to all sides and this
is what has to be done.
>> A highlight of the APE summit is the
upcoming meeting between Presidents
Trump and Xi Jinping. How important is
this dialogue for South Korea?
>> When it comes to the supply chain, the
world is divided into two blocks facing
off each other. one led by the United
States and one by China. Korea is
situated both geographically and
economically between these two. We are
situated in between two grinding stones.
It's a situation akin to having both
arms pulled by China and the United
States. This is both a challenge and an
opportunity. We cherish our baseline
policy emphasizing the Korea US alliance
and Korea US Japan trilateral
cooperation. At the same time, we do not
seek to sever ties or pursue excessive
confrontation with China or socialist
nations. Korea will continue to cherish
and emphasize its alliance with the
United States and at the same time
manage its relationship with China.
>> All right, that was the South Korean
president Liundo speaking to our very
own Sher on a very very big interview of
course as we countdown to APEC and
certainly risk assets are right now
looking very very upbeat on this Monday
morning Dave.
>> Yep. A very good morning if you're along
these markets. 1.3 to the upside and the
hanging index. Plenty more ahead. This
is the China show.
Good morning. Welcome back to the show.
We're counting down to the open of
trade. Risk assets are ripping higher.
Our starting point this Monday is a
record high on Asia Pacific. Uh we're
looking at the NIK for the first time I
think ever. We're [music] trading at
50,200. and we'll see whether we close
at these levels here.
>> Yeah, I think it the vibe [music] could
continue when it comes to the China
market open just minutes away here. We
already seeing futures popping here this
morning on the back of this framework
that has been [music] set out between
President Trump and she to sign at APEC
in just a few days as well. And there
you go. The open is coming up [music]
next. You're watching the China Show.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. Counting down to the open of
trade. [music] 40 seconds away. Almost
every single sector is up across the
Asia Pacific. You have it, industrial,
cyclical. Everything that's pro [music]
risk is back on the table. We're
watching gold as well going the opposite
way and how that will show up across
these Chinese markets once things open
up in a couple of seconds. Also a very
strong fix coming through out of the
PBOC. [music] So, a lot to be encouraged
about today, Ivon.
>> Yeah, there's mojo behind momentum once
again. We have a new set. What's not to
be happy about really? And I have to get
used to talking to you from a distance
now because
>> Well, I'm not used to it.
>> I'm not.
>> Why are you so far away? Usually we have
much closer proximity but right now we
have so much to showcase here in our new
set. Different corners of you know the
market of course of the set that we have
to really show here in the next few days
as we countd down to uh Apex. So
certainly the good news and good vibes
continue here today on the China show.
You take a look how these markets are
set up and opening up. It is looking to
be a very very good one here. So we saw
the records are still set here when it
comes to Asia. China right now seems to
be adding to that here as well. We take
a CSI 300. We're up 8/10en of 1% here
right now. Yields are on offer here.
30-year yields are up one basis points
as well. And you're seeing commodities
are bit up. Copper, steel, iron ore,
Shanghai are all catching a bid here
this morning. Interesting enough, you're
watching, of course, some of these chip
names like Capricorn, the local names
are doing quite well. Take a look at
Capricorn. We're up 2% here at the
moment. CL Asia are also up 1%. So tech
should actually do very well in the face
of this because we mentioned about what
was reached in terms of a consensus,
right? whether it was shipping,
fentinyl, soybeans. What perhaps was not
mentioned as much or perhaps maybe is a
good sign uh for the market is that we
didn't hear too much about AI or
technology, right? And what these export
curves are going to really lead to. So
that certainly might be a sign of maybe
the good times can continue for at least
now, right? Let's take a look when it
comes to Hong Kong. And this is what the
open is looking like. H we talked about
already seeing a massive bid in the
pre-market. There you go. We're up close
to 2% here right now. And you are seeing
of course Alibaba up around 174 175
bucks here right now. BU is up some
close to 3%. Tenscent also up one and a
half% here. So certainly tech could be
the key beneficiary uh right now and
certainly the most sensitive sort of
sector to any sort of trade headlines
we're going to get for the next few
days. Uh keep in mind watch the rem as
well right we had the strongest fixing
from the PBOC in about a year. So at
least when it comes to what the PBOC
what policy makers are doing is that
they are keeping this currency strong uh
in in light of these kind of trade
negotiations. So maybe it could be a
good olive branch here. We're hovering
around 711 levels for dollar China here
right now. And some of the boards watch
sectors in particular. So rare earth
certainly is in focus here. So the the
US has said that China will defer when
it comes to those export curves around
rare earth. Right. We're still waiting
for maybe confirmation on the Chinese
side of that. uh you've seen some
reports where you the readouts from the
Chinese side may not specifically
confirm that though but then again you
are seeing some of these rare earth
stocks are doing quite well here today
we're also watching everything from
soybean fentinel and shipping stocks
right these were seem to be the ones
where we did reach some sort of
agreement a mixed picture here right now
but we're certainly watching uh some of
the shipping stocks agriculture soybeans
and the like here but what is really
clear is what we're seeing is this
unwinding of havens here right whether
it is the Aussie yen pair where you are
continuing to see a bid on that pair.
But then again, gold is getting a bit of
a sucking sort of sapping sound here
because it seems like it is a little bit
more uh risk on here right now, right?
So you are seeing when it comes to the
gold miners there marginal losses
though. I mean in fact Google is still
doing quite well here today. But take a
look at some of these China gold ETFs.
We are seeing a bit a slight slight
selling off here right now. So that
certainly is a good indication of where
risk assesses are going to go for the
rest of the day. Dave,
>> yeah, you know what I'm still getting
used to. Number one, because of this new
set. Here's another flex. I'm still
getting used to my new chair. The other
thing I'm still getting used to saying
is actually gold might actually break
below 4,000. So, like lots of lots of
things to watch here as well. Also, just
breaking right now is industrial
profits. And here's an exciting number
for you. 22% I'm calling it even 22%
year-on-year. That's for September.
That's the highest fastest growth clip
for industrial profits going all the way
back about 2 years or so. So that story
might also be the low base. Keep in mind
might also be the low base also playing
out as far as that is concerned.
Anti-involution. This is a conversation
we've had of course around uh those
lines as well. Now uh back to our top
story today and as pointing out right
rare earths is just a very good example
of look at what the US said, look at
what the Chinese side said or maybe the
lack of details on that side. Look at
what Chinese media are saying. Do you
split the difference until we get more
information from both sides into really
what that story looks like? So in other
words, we did hear from Scott Besson of
course um and he said that they have
come to terms on this range of very
contentious points which is a good
thing. Have a listen.
>> Those soybeans were always going to be
on the market. It's a global market. The
three leading suppliers are Brazil, uh
Argentina and the US. And I believe that
we have brought the market back into
equilibrium and I believe that the
Chinese will be making substantial
purchases again. I'm also anticipating
that we will get some kind of a deferral
on on the rare earth uh export controls
that the Chinese had discussed. Okay.
But again, this will all be, you know,
we the the my counterpart, the vice
premier and I have set the framework and
it will be up to the two leaders uh to
discuss the the final terms.
>> Well, joining us now from Virginia is
Scott Kennedy, senior adviser and
trustee chair in Chinese business and
economics at CSIS. Scott, it's great to
have you here. Um, obviously we we can't
kind of underplay the significance of
what we heard over the weekend. What do
you think was sort of the key sort of
message here? Is this deal good to go?
>> I think it's likely good to go. Uh we
still don't know all of the details cuz
the Chinese have been pretty quiet about
what they've committed and we've not
really heard from the US what they've
committed to do. So there's still some
news uh to learn, but I do think that
the signals and breadcrumbs that have
been sprinkled are positive. And so I
don't want to rain on markets parade,
but we'll have to see. And this probably
means that we'll get a few months of
stability in the relationship. And folks
who are in agriculture and shipping uh
and use rare earths should be uh happy
uh about what's likely to transpire when
the two leaders uh meet later this week.
Scott, the I mean it just I mean I think
you hit the nail on the head there and I
wonder if is it a reason to be
pessimistic or measured let's put it
that is it a reason to be measured that
we haven't yet heard to the extent that
we've heard from the Americans we've
heard from the Chinese
I think so uh sometimes um this uh US
administration over advertises the depth
and breadth of deals uh we heard that in
uh Secretary Bass's re comments that you
played, he said some kind of delay. Is
that going to be a delay that covers
dual use or everything? Um and so will
uh how what will the size of the
purchase of soybeans be? Um will
fentanyl tariffs go down simultaneously
with China's implementation of their
commitments? Uh those are things that we
have to learn. And of course there's a
lot of things that are very important to
the US uh and other countries about
China's economic behavior which don't
appear to be part of the ongoing
negotiations.
>> There is also this sort of
interpretation that the the US export
controls will stay.
>> Uh we we haven't heard that from the
Beijing side. I'm just wondering Scott,
what are you hearing right now?
My sense is is is that if if China is
going to announce that they are delaying
impos imposing their new rare earths
export control regime, we're probably
going to see the US do something similar
uh with regard to the 50% rule that they
announced at the end of seeper uh which
caught the Chinese by surprise, at least
the breath breadth of it. Um and so in
some ways what we what we may see on
Thursday is the fourth taco uh where the
Chinese countered uh and got the US uh
to back down uh to find some amount of
stability and that's good in the short
term. Doesn't address the two countries
fundamental disagreements about economic
fairness and about economic security but
it does uh keep us from going over the
cliff.
The Scott, we we heard from Marco Rubia
that Taiwan was was not discussed. Is
Taiwan off the table? You think
completely at least as far as this round
is concerned?
>> My guess is it's unlikely to be uh part
of an agreement because I think in the
conversations they've had over the past
few months, u I think the Chinese were
fishing for uh a greater commitment for
the US both in terms of language and arm
sales and other things. uh but and I
don't think the administration gave way
and I think the Chinese actually still
like or find more acceptable some of the
specific things the administration has
done in the last few months uh with
regard to Taiwan and so I don't see
think they see that as something that is
pressing that must be achieved that
might wait perhaps if they meet in the
first quarter uh of next year in China
>> what are you going to be looking for
And specifically when we do see those
pictures of of Trump and she at at APEC
I mean what is going to confirm what
we're seeing now you think and what's
going to be most influential and I guess
more impactful for markets.
>> Yeah I want to hear uh specifics about
the various elements that have been
discussed regarding uh fentanyl. What
are the Chinese saying they're going to
do? and will the tariffs that the US has
imposed, those 20% tariffs come off now
or will it be dependent on future
Chinese actions and and results? Uh and
then I want to see what kind of if
they're dollar numbers to the sales of
of uh soybeans uh is the the is tik tok
will both sides say that tik tok is a
done deal. And will there be some more
clarity and specificity about when
President Trump uh will go to China or
is that still something that is just
potentially going to happen uh but not
really uh laid out in in stone?
>> Scott, you mentioned the the US side,
you know, might tend to overadvertise
um obviously a bit more measured and
cautious on the Chinese side. What I'm
trying to figure out early and who who
knows what the week will hold is is what
the Chinese side got from all of this.
What do you think what do you think they
walked away with?
>> My guess is um a commitment uh for the
US to pull back some of those fentanyl
tariffs uh and and probably delay the
50% rule on subsidiaries of companies
that are already on the entities list
that weren't originally covered. That
seem to be the two most likely areas
where they got got something. Uh but
we'll have to see. There's a lot of
specifics, a lot of individual market
issues that they've been talking about.
Um and and so whatever come a lot of
different things could come out of this.
But I want to emphasize we are not
talking about China changing its
industrial policy, rebalancing its
economy, issues that the US has had for
a long time. If you look at the recent
uh summary of the forthcoming uh next
5-year plan, China is really not
changing course in terms of emphasizing
technology. So, a lot of these bigger
issues are still going to be with us uh
and affect the relationship for quite
some time.
>> Yeah. Well, as they say, the long road
to recovery and Scott, the reason I
frame it that way is we understand you
just finished a marathon. You stayed up
for us. How did you How did you do,
Scott? [laughter]
>> I did all right. Uh I was happy. Um,
Marine Corps Marathon, uh, 409. So, uh,
for me, that's a personal best for this
marathon. My legs are unhappy with me,
but I'm glad I did it.
>> Well, and you can still make it on the
show after yours. Amazing.
>> Thank you.
>> Thank you, Scott Kenny there, senior
adviser and trustee chair in Chinese
business and economics at CSIC. Have a
nice rest, please. Coming up, we're
going to be live at the Bloomberg
Business Summit in KL speaking with the
former Philippine Central Bank Governor,
Benjamin Jono. We discuss the [music]
outlook on rates, governance issues that
do threaten potentially to stunt the
economy. We have plenty more ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. Not
partaking of this part today. And
something that we've seen really
recently is the underperformance. and
we're down across the benchmark in in
Manila today. Um, this is going to make
sense in a couple of seconds. Ail Hong
is with us out of KL with her next
guest. Ail,
>> what a segue. I I try to uh provide some
of that illuminating context for you.
But when it comes to emerging markets, I
mean, we've been keeping watch on some
of these Southeast Asian economies,
right? the tariff impact a lot of them
are very exposed to the external
environment and how does this play up
with monetary policy joining me
exclusively now is Benjamin Jno monetary
board member at the Philippine central
bank he was of course also former BSP
governor Dr. event. Really great to see
you.
>> Thanks for having me.
>> In Malaysia, the last time we spoke was
actually in the depths of the pandemic.
So, it's been a long, long time and a
lot has changed since then. We now have
trade war 2.0. I wonder given the tariff
backdrop. What is your sense of the
Philippine economy? Can it avoid a
slowdown next year? I think uh it will
slow down a little bit because of the
uncertainty due to trade uncertainty and
of course the cons the construction
controversy in the Philippines. So there
will be some kind of adjustment. So, I
see 2026 as kind of a transition period,
but um I expect the president to fix
this quickly and boldly because he has
three more years in his term and the
Philippine president usually has a has a
six-year fixed term.
>> Yeah.
>> No re-election. So, thinking of your
legacy, you got to fix this. You're
alluding there to the government graph
scandal and your colleague the BSP
governor Ali Ramalona has talked about
how that could crim private investments.
Is that what you're seeing as well and
to what extent?
>> Yes. First of all government
construction will slow down because as
they fix this problem they have to lay
off some people change some rules etc.
But also the sentiment of investors has
actually uh changed a little bit. And so
I think a big part of 2026 will be a
transition period. So we will probably
be able to recover from this mess by the
end of next year and 2027 and 2028 will
be good years. We'll be on track but on
track.
>> What do we need to see for there to be
uh in your words recovery from this
mess? Well, uh, he has to strictly
enforce the budget rules because, uh,
actually Congress mangled his his
budget, what I call the president's
budget. He has to quickly tell give
signal to Congress, respect my budget.
So, I I I I keep saying the real test
will be what they will do for the 2026
national budget. So uh and then of
course the implementation
you you need new people new rules etc
>> and then of course that if if he his
bold actions with his bold actions which
hopefully will recover the investment
confidence.
>> So your sense is that this is something
that can be fixed. It just might take
time and to your point maybe something
gets cleared up by the end of next year.
But in the interim between now and then,
do you see complications for Philippines
in terms of raising money? Does this
affect its credit rating?
>> No, no, no. In terms of raising money,
we we don't have problems with that. I
think it's really the uh implementation
and the sent sentiment of investors.
Those who are already invested in the
Philippines, maybe they will postpone a
little bit their expansion plan. And for
those who are still planning to come in,
they may have to evaluate based on on
what's happening, right? But as far as
raising money, I think we don't we won't
have that problem.
>> In terms of monetary policy, do you
expect to support uh a December rate
cut?
>> Is that something you would be backing?
>> We're we're still on an easing cycle. So
we just cut it uh 25 basis points uh
last October and there will be another
meeting in December. I would expect uh
another 25 basis points. Okay.
>> But there are some estimates out there
that the Philippines does have more room
for easing. Some say 50 75 basis point.
Is that not part of your calculus?
>> That that could be part of the calculus
but it depends on the timing. could be
25 basis points in December and the rest
may be sometime next year.
>> What would it take to trigger that uh
ensuing rate cuts?
>> Well, we uh we love to say that we are
data dependent and so usually we look at
that date that data on on growth and
unemployment and of course uh inflation
is pretty much under under control. In
fact, we're we're below our
uh target range. uh 2% we're below 2%
right now and we expect to be uh in the
middle of that range up to 2027. So as
far as inflation is concerned we're
okay. So it's really growth and
employment.
>> What do you say in terms of the tariff
impact? I mean for the Philippines maybe
it's not the direct impact on exports
demand. It's more about the second order
effects. How are you seeing that playing
out in Philippines? Well, the
Philippines is not as open as other
Asian economies like maybe uh Malaysia
and Singapore. So I I think trade as
part of our [snorts] growth uh strategy
is not that huge, right? We're not a a
big trader country. So we're not much
affected by we are of course affected by
the secondary effect as you mentioned
but not as much as the other developing
countries in Asia.
>> So not much of an impact. What about the
impact on the currency? Do you see 59 to
the peso? Some talk out there about
potential further weakness as well.
>> You know, the BSP does not target a
specific rate. We uh we have adopted a
pre-exchange rate, floating exchange
rate. We only intervene if there if the
uh the uh uh adjustment is uh persistent
and it could affect our inflation
target. But right now we're very
comfortable with our huge international
reserves something like 109 billion
that's equivalent to 7 months worth of
imports. The st the uh received auction
is 3 months worth of import is enough.
So we're okay.
>> You remind me I want to pick up on the
point on gold reserves but I think we'll
save that for our panel later on this
Bloomberg event. For the moment Dr.
Domno has been great to chat with you.
Thank you so much.
>> Thanks. Thanks again for having me.
>> Benjamin Jongo, Banko Sanch, Filipina's
monetary board member, guys.
>> Yep. It's good to see him back on the
airways there. Of course, thanks to
April for bringing that interview for us
out in KL. And as our trade conversation
continues in the next hour, we're going
to be having that conversation with the
former US assistant secretary of state
for East Asian and Pacific [music]
Affairs here, Daniel Kittenberg. We also
have more coverage on Malaysia with our
guests from Kazana National and [music]
CIMB. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
Okay, we are just getting some while you
look at some of the shipping names on
the screens and the reason we're looking
at that is because of [music] what was
discussed at the Aian meetings on the
weekend and we're now looking at live
pictures of course also
um of KL and the airport there.
understand that President US President
Trump is set to of course move on from
uh progress there we call it that uh
from those discussions in KL and I think
he's about to make his way to Tokyo for
his next stop here uh Asia Pacific stop.
>> Yeah. in terms of how markets are
interpreting this as a pretty
significant deescalation of the trade
relations between the US and China
before of course he embarks on Air Force
One to head to Tokyo of course and he's
going to be a meeting with the new
Japanese Prime Minister Sia Takahichi uh
and certainly it's going to be a really
interesting meeting there given the fact
that they did speak on Saturday to lay
out the groundwork of this upcoming
in-person meeting and of course she's
fresh uh into this new role so she is
determined to elevate [music] that Japan
US alliance to even greater heights as
well. So from KL all the way to Tokyo,
we'll be tracking the president all
[music] this week. You're watching the
China Show. There he is.
All right, we are taking you straight
back to Malaysia [music] where US
President Trump, as you can see, is
about to board.
>> No dancing.
>> No. Well, we [laughter] don't know. um
maybe one one was enough. Of course, as
we as he of course descended into uh
into Malaysia there for what looked to
be very largely successful talks of
course with many of the trading partners
and his next stop uh will be on to Tokyo
where of course our man on the ground
there is Stephen Angle. He'll be
covering of course that. So we've got
the story covered for you from all
across the Asia Pacific.
>> Markets are dancing though, right Dave?
When you talk about what came out on the
pale in the last two days as well, it
seems to be some consensus, some sort of
trade deal that is going to be all
systems go as of course the top trade
negotiators bring that deal to President
Trump and Xi for its final confirmation
there as he steps into Air Force One
heading to Japan. So, welcome back. What
a day to launch a new set here at the
China show and see how markets are
concerned. We talk about it, right?
Momentum is back in quite a big way here
when you take a look at how the the
fanfare there you're seeing in KL. Looks
like those good vibes are continuing
here especially how you see the offshore
market is doing here. Hanging up 1%
David.
>> Yeah. Well taking off really. We're
borrowing that from Air Force One which
is about to take off to markets right
now where we are at a record high on MEA
Asia Pacific. coming up on your screens
very shortly is really a look at the NIK
which is now trading for the first time
ever 50,400
on the NIK leading the charge across the
Asia Pacific a lot of these of course
are very momentum and growth driven
equity markets uh Cosby is topping 4,000
the call from JP Morgan is 5,000 the
bullcase is very likely to happen there
and Taiwan is also better by about 2%
flip the page please if we can and have
a look at that [snorts] as we follow the
US president around his Asia tour and
all roads will lead to Korea where of
course that big meeting is set to take
place with US President Trump and
Chinese President Xi Jinping and what
they can work out the meat and the bones
following the framework agreement that
was agreed on over the weekend.
>> Yes, everything from soybeans shipping
levies. They talked about fentinel. I
think those were some of the clearcut
sort of things that came out from the US
side. I think there's still a lot of
lingering questions on what we got and
what we heard when it came to export
curves, right? Is this really going to
be a deferral when it comes to export
curves around rare earths? And what
about the tech side from the US as well?
We didn't get too much in terms of
clear-cut details on that.
>> No, and that's really where the gap of
information is right now. I think for
markets that really is perhaps where you
will find either your risk or
opportunity. Uh because as pointing out,
right? So we've heard a lot more details
on one year was the was the time frame
given as far as the push back was
concerned. nothing so much from the
Chinese side of things which is and
really we've been spending a lot of the
morning and we will be spending more of
the program asking our guests really
what they expect specifically yeah
>> u from this meeting that will take place
really also to inform us of what this
relationship looks like beyond this
meeting we've been counting down to for
months
>> and we can't sort of underscore just how
crucial this week is not just in terms
of the diplomacy front right you talk
about what else is happening in terms of
macro risks right
>> you have the Fed Bank of Canada BOJ Jay,
uh, they're all going to be meeting here
this week as well. So, I think four of
the G10 are going to be having meetings
here when it comes to monetary policy.
The Fed's supposed to cut as well. And
then you also have the mega cap, you
know, the MAG 7 is going to be reporting
as well. So, it's a busy busy week, not
just in the US, but also here in Asia,
too.
>> Yeah, it's I think it's the busiest
earnings week as far as the number of
firms reporting in the Asia Pacific 500
this week, right? So, there's that. Uh,
it's going to be the busiest earnings
day as far as China goes on Thursday.
So, I mean, this Thursday is probably
when I'm going to call in sick.
[laughter]
>> I'm going to be in Korea. We need you
here holding down the new news going to
be. Uh, so I can imagine now what
Thursday looks like, right? So, you have
a Fed decision. I'm speaking Asia time.
Fed decision at 2 3:00 a.m.
>> There's a barlays forum, too.
>> There's the there's the MAC, five of the
mag seven, I believe, reports Wednesday,
Thursday.
>> I think three of them actually report
two hours after the Fed. No.
>> And then you have the BOJ
>> and at some point you'll be freezing
[laughter]
>> in Korea waiting for this meeting to
take place and then we get to the BOJ.
>> Um and hopefully we were looking at
November one as the deadline for China
and hopefully we don't need to talk
about that. In other words, we've taken
that risk off the table. But yes, you
have top trade negotiators uh for the US
and China say that they have come to
terms on a range of fairly contentious
points.
>> Those soybeans were always going to be
on the market. It's a global market. Uh
the three leading suppliers are Brazil,
uh Argentina and the US. And I believe
that we have brought the market back
into equilibrium. And I believe that the
Chinese will be making substantial
purchases again,
anticipating that we will get some kind
of a deferral on on the rare earth uh
export controls that the Chinese had
discussed. Okay. But again, this will
all be, you know, we the the my
counterpart, the vice premier and I have
set the framework and it will be up to
the two leaders uh to discuss the the
final terms.
>> All right, let's bring in our China
correspondent MLO to break this all down
for us here. So, what did we reach a key
consensus on? What's still missing right
now?
>> Yeah, overall it seems like a very
productive weekend, at least from the
Chinese side. uh the commerce ministry
saying it was in-depth, it was
constructive and there were a list of
things that they sort of had a framework
consensus on, right? Ranging from
agricultural imports to fentinil to
shipping levies. The the Chinese readout
was a little bit vague. They talked
about the key themes, but we don't
really know what the Chinese is getting
out of this deal. The US side has been a
little bit more outspoken. They've been
saying that China is going to buy a
significant amount of soybeans, that
they're going to defer the
implementation of those rare earth
export controls by a year. But I can't
see China really agreeing to all of
these without some big concessions from
the US. But so far the US is saying that
they're going to keep their export
controls unchanged even though they're
going to sort of remove all those
threats of extra additional 100% tariffs
on Chinese goods. So what else is China
getting out of this? That is not so
clear at this point. And certainly China
will want the tariffs to come down to be
on par with other countries. That's also
something to keep an eye out for.
>> Yeah. Yeah, but the you know the
starting point on tariffs though was
Donald Trump ratcheting up that great
and then if that comes out to to be the
only win that bit of a a bit of a mental
exercise for me. Ukraine and Taiwan uh
were you know Marco Rubio said Taiwan
wasn't on the table. Was it on the
table? Is it going to be on the table?
>> Well, we were hearing different things.
So Marco Rubio said that it's not going
to be on the table but President Trump
on Air Force One kind of left it a
little bit open. He refused to answer
the question directly from reporters
saying that he doesn't want to talk
about it now that trip is already as
very complex as it is. But he's sort of
less definitive about this. So possibly
it's still going to be on the table
because President Trump did mention that
he wants to talk about the Ukraine war
and get to a peace deal on that with
China. He wants to discuss the lowering
of these purchases of Russian oil with
which China has already done, right?
Chinese state oil company has been
cutting purchases of uh some of these
sanctioned uh oil from Russia. But bear
in mind analysts are saying that
actually China buys a lot of these oil
from intermediaries. So it while they
might cut the direct purchases from the
likes of Rasenev and Luke oil, they
might get it from other sources and they
might not be willing to do a lot more
given the strategic partnership between
US and China unless they get a key
concession possibly on Taiwan. If the US
decide to roll back their long-standing
stance on Taiwan and agree to oppose
Taiwanese independence, then maybe we're
talking about something here.
>> Okay. Yeah. Well, that that that's going
to be quite something. uh to look ahead
to Minman. Thank you so much Minman
lower our China correspondent there. Uh
let's get uh in analysis right now on
the market reaction so far and as we
were just pointing out here the bulls
are out today uh this Monday. Mark
Cranfield is with us out of Singapore
for some color and context. Mark price
action does this make sense to you and
how long does this last?
>> Yeah this is the Christmas rally coming
early
>> this I think the surprise
>> that's going to ensure it to last
though. Yeah.
I think the surprise for for investors
um over the weekend is the sound bites
on the Chinese side as much as the I
don't think anyone was too surprised
that Scott Bessant would sound very
upbeat about anything. I mean that's his
job to do that but it sounds as though
China is on board as well which mean is
a is a big improvement from where we
were last week. I think last week people
were very very cautious. They were
worried that Trump and CE could meet
with hardly anything to agree on and
that it might just be a meeting where
they say, "Okay, thanks for coming." But
there's no big announcements. Completely
different scenario now. It looks as
though they will be able to sign off on
some trade, meaningful trade issues
which are very positive and probably
most important of all for global
markets. It really kicks the problems
into 2026.
Investors will now be reading this as
very unlikely that we will get another
big trade problem between the US and
China this year which really clears the
way for people to look at the earnings
as you were saying it's a very big week
for earnings and even after this week
there's still a few more to come. We
still got Nvidia to come as well.
There'll be the big Chinese tech
companies to come in November as well.
So people can get back to looking at the
more fundamental issues for the equity
markets for the other commodity and
forex markets as well. And they probably
don't need to worry about US China until
2026 again.
>> H okay. That's interesting too. Um Mark,
when you look at the fix from today from
the PBOC, a 708 handle, we haven't seen
something like that since October of
last year. What's the message for FX
traders today?
>> I think that the PBOC is just doing its
part to be part of the overall
positivity in terms of China US. It's
been pretty clear that the the PBC has
been guiding the yuan stronger even on
even on days when there was really no
necessity for them to move that. Don't
forget the yuan is a basket of
currencies and the moves in dollar yuan
should reflect the overall moves in G10
currencies. Well, really there was no
justification based on G10 currencies
for for dollar yuan to be 708 today.
They could have held back, but it
probably again is just to add to the
overall picture that China is doing what
it can to try and get closer to United
States. It the central bank is playing
its role in making sure the yuan stay
strong and stable, which is what the
United States would like to see. So,
it's all just part of that big picture
that China is on side with the US.
another confirmation for investors that
markets are in a good position.
>> Mark, can I just ask you about so so I'm
looking at my screens. Hangen V index is
down. VIX futures are down fairly
consistent with the risk appetite we're
seeing, but the Nick Vall index is is
catching somewhat of a bit alongside of
course the cash market trading above
50,000. Do I re is there anything I
should read into that?
I think um more than anything people
have been a little bit caught out with
Japan. I think people were exiting that
market when they were worried that the
the LDP would not be able to clearly
choose a leader and in fact it look
didn't look as though Japan was going to
have a prime minister in the first round
of voting. Everyone's got behind
Takiichi. The story is developing very
quickly and I suspect you what you're
seeing is a big catch-up trade going on
in Japan particularly with foreign
investors. If you look at some of the
numbers in the third quarter, they were
clearly exiting the Japanese markets and
putting money into Korea, into Taiwan,
into other places. It looks as though
they're coming back. Uh even though the
the yen is relatively weak, they're
piling money back into Japan. The
numbers so far in October are pretty
significant. It looks as though October
will turn out to be the biggest month
this year for net inflows from foreign
investors. So all of that means that
there's a much more relative activity in
Japan than there is in the other Asian
markets. And that probably helps to
explain because some of that will go
through the option market as well. That
helps to explain why Japan is
outperforming in that respect.
>> Mark, thank you. Mark Cranfield there
kicking off what looks to be a very very
busy week for all of us here. And for
subscribers, you're going to want to
turn to your terminal for more on what's
going to be driving markets here this
week. T Live Go is your function for the
latest updates, plus commentary analysis
from Mark, of course, and uh his fellow
expert editors there.
>> It's Air Force One.
>> It should be Air Force One taking off
and heading to Japan. Plenty more to
come. This is the China Show. [music]
Thailand will also begin the process of
releasing the 18 detained Cambodian
[music] soldiers. We have a
responsibility to act in earnest and in
good faith and that we restore
livelihoods and protect the well-being
of our communities along our shared
border.
Cambodia reaffirms it strong commitment
to fully and faithfully implementing
this joint declarations and to
continuing to work closely with Thailand
and all our partners to ensure that this
peace endures and brings [music]
tangible benefit to our peoples.
>> Asan [music] as a cohesive formal group
did impress him. [music] the things that
we do share in common. There was
consensus built on the need to
[music] maintain our centrality to
continue to engage with the United
States and China and the rest.
Very very busy on the diplomatic front
in the last 48 hours and that's just
going to go up a notch if not
exponentially over the next few days or
so. Aian leaders just now uh speaking
around their summits in KL. That's over
the weekend as we make our way into
Tokyo where President Trump is headed
next in a couple of hours and then into
of course Korea where the big meeting
between Chinese President Xi Jinping and
US President Donald Trump is [snorts]
scheduled to take place for right. Let's
bring in our next guest. Ambassador
Daniel Kittenbrink is the partner at
Asia Group and a former US assistant
secretary of state for East Asian and
Pacific Affairs. Ambassador, good
morning from Hong Kong. a pleasure to
have you in the show. Good morning. I
believe I understand you're in Shanghai
for us. So really, what a what a place
and time to be having this conversation.
There's a short and there's a longer
term component to these conversations. I
want to understand what your take is of
in terms of the what short-term
expectations do you have over this
relationship between the two.
Well, David and Von, thank you so much
for having me on this morning and we at
the Asia group are obviously following
this very closely, but I I think we see
the readout uh of the talks between
Secretary Bessent and Vice Premier Hiong
and Qualur to be very positive and I
think uh we're on track for a very
positive and constructive meeting
between President Trump and President
Xi. Uh they've also laid out it sounds
like a diplomatic calendar over the next
year that could portend relative
stability in the USChina relationship
for the next six months to uh to a year
and I think that's uh very good news
overall especially for the business
community.
>> Can you tell us I mean we we've heard
consensus when it comes to soybean
purchases when it comes to fentinel when
it comes to shipping levies for example.
I think there's still a lot of lingering
questions about export curbs and where
they stand, whether it's rare earth,
whether it's tech curbs from the US as
well. What is your understanding of what
could come out when it comes to the
export curbs side of things and and what
do you think each side got out of it?
>> Well, uh, true, Ivon, I think the devil
will be in the details, but again, uh,
I'm probably um, uh, impressed on the
upside by what we've heard thus far. I
think both sides after having fought
this uh trade and supply chain war to a
relative standill uh over the last year,
both sides now seem to be focused
primarily on stability. I think for the
US side, you've seen President Trump,
he's talked about he wants to see a
resumption uh in Chinese purchase of US
egg products, especially soybeans. They
want to see some sort of assurance that
we're not going to face these supply
chain issues regarding rare earths. And
so it sounds like we're on track to have
uh China hold that rarer licensing
regime uh in obeyance. Um and uh it also
sounds like for the Chinese what they're
looking at primarily is I think tariff
relief and a relaxation or at least a
freeze on various US tech controls. So
it sounds like both sides are teed up in
the near term to get generally uh what
they wanted.
And so so ambassador, you mentioned it's
and it's a good thing. It's a good thing
for businesses to have at least arguably
the best visibility on relations that
we've had in as far as I can remember
really in terms of just the stability
that you just said will will likely hold
for the next few months or so. Do you
think this will lead to a lot more on
the ground, people-to-people, businessto
business exchanges that this
relationship sorely needs?
Well, uh, I I hope so, David. And again,
we'll we'll have to see. I guess the the
way I would see it is I see in the near
term a tactical stabilization of the
USChina relationship, which, as I said,
uh, is probably a good thing, but uh,
none of the fundamentals in this
relationship have changed. So, the
long-term drivers that are pushing this
relationship into a highly competitive
state, none of those fundamentals have
changed. So I do think uh this is not a
strategic transformation of the USChina
relationship. We're still going to see
uh ups and downs without a doubt and
again the devil will be in the details
for what the two leaders agreed to. I
think our read overnight is that
Secretary Besson and Vice Premier Hu
have agreed on some sort of a framework
that the leaders will uh will approve.
But Ivon, to your question, we really
have to see what does it mean if both
sides are going to freeze some of the
competitive measures they've taken
against one another. How far back will
that freeze go? Will both sides agree to
undo uh some of the escalatory steps
that we've taken? I I think we have to
focus on that. Another thing that really
got my attention overnight is it does
sound like the two sides also talked
about the fentanyl problem. Of course, I
think China has done a great deal to
crack down on the flow of fentanyl
precursors, but they can uh and should
do more. And if they were to do more,
they could potentially get 20% tariff
relief. So, I think that's quite uh
interesting as well. And then, of
course, um the the measures both sides
have taken against one another are on
shipping have been quite significant and
it sounds like that was discussed and
there's the potential for a freeze or
roll back there as well. So again, uh I
think we should expect some continued
ups and downs over the next year, but as
long as this diplomatic calendar that
the two sides have apparently outlined
holds, uh I think that competition will
take place within a larger frame of
relative stability,
>> right? And we've seen a flurry of deals
that have happened, you know, in the US
with Azion over the weekend here with
Malaysia when it comes to chips and the
like. And I I wonder, you know, if I'm a
US company, what's going to be the
bigger risk for me? Is it that China's
going to retaliate on anything that the
US does on trade? Or is there going to
be this sort of fight between US allies
and and their allegiance to whether US
and China now? Is there going to be a
future potential kind of alliance that
or the allies that are going to see a
bit more of a divergence now?
Well, Ivon, we'll have to watch that
very carefully, but it's been quite
striking to me over the past year that
really uh other than China, almost every
country in the region has responded to
the Trump administration in quite a
positive and constructive way. Um, I
give the president a lot of credit for
attending the ASEAN summit. I think his
trip has gotten off to a very strong
start. Uh I think concluding the formal
trade deal with Malaysia for me is
probably the most significant outcome of
the trip thus far. Uh I think that is a
hugely consequential outcome. Uh I think
that agreement is likely to be held up
as a model for other uh especially
Southeast Asian partners uh in the
region. Um so that is quite significant
and then of course uh the signing of
this uh peace agreement and extension of
a ceasefire be uh between Cambodia and
Thailand I think is also a significant
accomplishment and then you saw the
deals that uh accompanied that uh that
peace agreement with Cambodia and
Thailand. Those are also highly
significant. Um I noted as well that
there was a joint statement issued by
the United States and Vietnam. Uh there
aren't a lot of details uh there. I
think the two sides are still a long
ways away from formally concluding a
trade agreement but nonetheless I also
saw that as a positive sign and
hopefully that will impart some
momentum. So I I do agree that there has
been some tension and concern on the
part of US partners in the region uh
regarding US trade policies but I I
think the trip is off to a strong start
and again most countries have engaged
the US positively and if we can continue
to uh make momentum uh on formalizing
those trade deals uh that will be again
very good for the US and the region and
I think for businesses and investors as
well. Ambassador, thank you. Ambassador
Daniel Kittenberg there, Asia Group
partner joining us in our Shanghai
studios. And later on this hour, we're
going to focus a little bit more on
trade and really how it impacts the
cargo side of things in this world.
Qatar Airways cargo chief [music] Mark
Drush joins us here in Hong Kong. We'll
discuss global trade tensions and the
impact on their business. That
conversation coming up next. This
[music] is Bloomberg.
Welcome back. You are watching the China
Show. Dave, we're watching of course
what's going on in the Asia rally here
right now. Yeah, very consistent to the
[music] point that Jason Louie was just
making, right? This is really your slow
bull market still taking place amidst
the volatility over the last, let's call
it two weeks or so. [music] Uh, this one
has really been consistent, flat to
slightly higher every single week. In
fact, [music] so much so that we're now
15 points. Flip the page uh from the
Shanghai Composite topping 40 4,000
40,000. Okay. Okay, there we go. I added
one zero there, [music] but anyway, I
know that our audio is actually down for
most of you, so you didn't hear that.
4,000 for the first time [music] in 10
years. Do we get there? Very quickly,
about an hour into the session here,
we've topped 1 trillion. I get the
number right. Hopefully, first 40
minutes of trade into the onshore
[music] market turn. Plenty more ahead
here on the China show. This market is
rallying and rallying hard this Monday.
Plenty more ahead.
[music]
All right, we're getting closer to about
11:30 in Tokyo. Japanese markets are
heading to lunch break in just a moment.
And look, everyone's very happy right
now. If you're long these markets, we're
up 2% for the Naked 225. First time
ever, right? Dam above that 50,000 level
for that benchmark as well. Of course,
as President Trump heads to Japan after
what has been seen as a pretty
successful trip in Malaysia.
>> Yep. He is he's just airborne. In fact,
I think just about 20 minutes ago, they
>> wasn't much visibility out there,
though. Yeah.
>> Well, it's looking like he's flying into
a clear sky Tokyo today.
>> Um, and of course, our man on the ground
is Stephen Angel. He'll be covering that
leg off the trip before things got to
get bit dizzying. And Ivonne leaves me
here as she makes her way to Korea
tomorrow. But then because we have the
story covered for you. Speaking of
airplanes, that's the segue here to
Embraer. Of course, Brazilian plane
maker is warning that it may see order
cancellations and delays if President
Trump's punitive tariffs are
implemented. and the CEO told us that
the levies could add $2 million to the
cost of each aircraft.
>> With this additional cost, our
customers, they might decide to delay to
receive the aircraft they have ordered
to us and not to buy new ones. This will
be bad for them. Does delay the renewal
of the fleets? We better for us and for
the US industry because if we make fewer
aircraft, we buy fewer equipments from
the US.
>> Let's get another take from our next
guest. Mark Dash is chief cargo officer
at Qatar Airways Cargo Dargo and joins
us today here in Hong Kong. Mark, it's
great to have you here.
>> Thank you. It's great to be here. Great
to be on your new set over here.
>> This is our new soft set. We only keep
it for the special guest.
>> Almost as big as a Q suite, but yeah.
Anyway,
>> close. We're just talking about the
complexities of this trade war between
US and China here right now. How do you
see this really evolving when it comes
to you know cargo volumes and the like?
How is this all going to kind of play
out for your business?
>> Well, at the end of the day, the US and
China are always going to have a very
rich and deep trade relationship. You
can't avoid that. Um it's just a matter
of figuring out what it's going to look
like and then we'll get back to a new
balance and new stasis and then we'll
continue move on. I mean, you know
what's very interesting is Chinese
exports have really increased this year
versus last year. Just where they're
going has changed a little bit. And
despite what a lot of people think
exports between China and the US are not
they're not they did disappear. They're
just a lower rate now until everything
is settled.
>> What have you seen in your business
specifically into a window of in terms
of cargo flows because you have a very
unique perspective to
>> Yes. it because of where we sit in uh
Qatar, we sit in the middle of the what
I call the modern silk road. So we see
all the travel back and forth both for
the passenger side and cargo side. What
we saw this year is a lot of capacity
was shifted from the transpac to the US
into a um Europe. So what we saw is
demand in Europe was up a little bit but
mo most importantly prices were down a
little bit because there's a lot of
capacity that went in. For us
specifically, what we saw is growth in
our traffic from China, Hong Kong, Macau
into the GCC and into Africa. So, we've
seen a little bit of a shift in the
market as Chinese exporters have had to
adjust to the slightly less demand in
the states. They've had to focus on
additional markets.
>> So, are those the most best
opportunities for growth for you guys,
right?
>> Well, actually, the opportunities for
growth for us are still really strong. I
mean, keep in mind one thing, and you
guys follow this as much as we do. The
global economies are still very strong.
>> Trade is still resilient.
>> Trade is resilient. Knock on wood. You
don't have wood here. Knock on wood. The
global economies is very strong. The
GDPs, all the major GDPs are actually
slightly up to a little bit even more
than up since last year. The Chinese GDP
is up, the US GDP is up, uh, UK GDP, uh,
India GDP, all the GDPs are still very
strong. So we expect once all of the
trade issues are resolved as I said
we'll get to new stasis a new balance
and assuming that the GDPs continue to
be strong we expect cargo next year to
actually do quite well again.
>> Is there a sense though that we'll get
some payback because of potential front
front loing of these trade numbers? I
mean can the momentum continue through
the trade deal and beyond?
>> Yeah I I think it's a very good
question. I do think you will see a
period of time once the trade deals are
resolved, you'll see a a a re refilling
of stock, if you will, and that we could
see a nice big jump. And that's really
for the transpac carriers, the carriers
that are operating between the um Asia
and China in particular and the US.
We're not really a big player in that
market.
>> Uh you make kind of long-term planning
then. How do you look at these kind of
changes in geopolitical influences, what
customers need? To what extent is one of
the things that you're doing and
planning is is permanent and what's not
permanent?
>> That's a great question and in fact it's
part of what we we do every day. There
are two things to keep in mind. Number
one, we at Couture Airways both a
passenger side and a cargo side, we're
very agile. You saw that during uh the
co as an example what we did passenger
side and cargo side. So agility is one
of the things we're focused on and our
job then on the cargo side is to
understand where trade flows are, how
they're moving, how they're growing and
then to address them accordingly. The
second part to what we do is we look at
what are the forecast of GDP growth
numbers and then where do we see the
most opportunity what do we expect the
most opportunity to be but again that is
how we plan it but then we respond to
the actual marketplace by being agile.
We actually um looked at something
recently to see how much we moved our
capacity around versus our competitors
and we were much more uh reactive to
understanding how the trade flows move
because we want to follow the customers.
>> Right. So on aggregate what how does how
do all these projections and GDP growth
inform you? What is what is your
aggregate growth forecast for the
business next year? And within that of
course where do you see granular?
>> I would love to tell you but we haven't
focused we haven't resolved that yet.
Our team is right now literally working
on it. Last couple,
>> it's almost the end of 2025.
>> Yes, it is. It is. But because of the
uncertainty in market, I wanted to get
as close as possible to the end of the
year so that we don't have wild swings
in our forecast. So, we're in the middle
of doing it right now. But, knock on
wood. As I said, you know, economies are
GDPs are expected to continue to have a
nice solid growth rate.
>> So, I don't expect it'll be
significantly different.
>> Can you tell us I mean, you're a key
customer in terms of I just want to tell
your freight too. you're a key customer
in the trip 7X program including
freigherss right now. What's the latest
communication you're getting from Boeing
>> on you know when these this first
freighters get
>> well I think Boeing has been very public
about there may be some delays and I
think they need they won't have an idea
uh what any additional delays may be
until the US government shutdown is
resolved because the US government
shutdown means that the certification
process is slowed down because employees
are not working at the same level as
they were. So, we're waiting to hear
once it all gets resolved. Boing will be
able to give us an idea.
>> Is that a 2028? I believe at the 2028
>> for the freighter yet 28 is the um right
now what we expect, but you know, new
aircraft programs can move either way.
So, we we really have to wait to see
when the FAA gets back to full work.
>> And are you in the market for more
freighter planes?
>> That's a great question. We actually in
the next 12 months are taking seven new
aircraft.
uh five of them are converted uh
freighters and two of them are direct
from Boeing. Right.
>> So that sort of answers a question you
had earlier David. Yeah. You know we are
expecting next year to be robust and
part of Ivon getting back to the
question you asked is we all we not only
look at the GDP growth but we also look
at what industries are growing what what
products are growing. And one thing
we've identified we've had really great
growth in lately is a growth in
high-tech and aerospace. And that's
something we've focused on very much in
building unique products around those so
that we can offer something better in
those two very fast growing very
important markets
>> and and then that also sort of offsets
what's going on with any individual
regional GDPs
>> right interesting product category there
as far as so what route is that
specifically what route do you see that
growth in
>> actually aerospace and tech is all over
the place it's not limited to one area
which is very interesting and when you
think about it I mean you've seen seen
all the forecasts for aerospace over the
next 1015 years. It's just going to
continue growing as quickly as possible.
So for aerospace in particular, it's
important that those products, those
components are delivered as quickly as
possible. Tech, we know there's no
slowdown. You guys watch how AI stocks
are just driving markets around the
world. That's not going to slow down
anytime soon. So that's why we said we
we have to develop very specific
products as those are growth markets
that we already are leaders in and we
want to continue being leaders in.
Another way that you are building the
business is with these sort of
partnerships with other airlines when it
comes to the global trade lines whether
it's British Airways, Malaysian Airways
and the like.
>> How actively are you now in in expanding
this pact and where are you in terms of
regulatory you know backdrop environment
and commercial integration?
>> Great great question. Yeah, two
questions are around our our JB or joint
business. Number one, as you know, in uh
in June, we announced the joint business
with IG, which is uh BA, Iberia, and
Heirlingus in Malaysia. Uh we have
received already from EU, UK, and um US
and Qatari authorities the ability to
move forward with it. We're so we're
waiting for the Malaysian authorities to
grant approval. We expect that'll come
sometime the end of this quarter, maybe
beginning next quarter. We will once
that's all in place, probably in the
first quarter, we're going to launch the
JB. It's a first global cargo JB. You
all are used to the passenger JBs where
you can fly between. This is the first
global JB. The first time these very
vast networks with unique geographies
are linking together. And I have to tell
you, it's been a lot of work. The And
I've done passenger for 30 years. The
cargo site's much more complex.
>> So, we've spent
>> Why is that? I'm just curious.
>> It's for for a bunch of things. Number
one, there isn't as much digitalization
in this industry. So there's a lot of
that that we have to but operationally
there a lot of differences because
you've got warehouse here, warehouse
there. You've got to make sure they're
together. Safety and security
regulations have got to be aligned. So
there's a lot of work around alignment
and understanding how to provide the
customer that same seamless um product
you have as if they were just on your
network alone.
>> So we've invested a lot of time and
energy in that and we're very excited
about it. It will be like for the
passenger side, it will be
groundbreaking. really will open up
markets that aren't open today because
we'll make it easier for that trade to
to occur.
>> Do we have a name for it? Because
passenger side is [laughter] one world
for example. No,
>> we don't have a name, but if you've got
any suggestions, share it with me. I'd
love to hear about it. Yeah, we'll think
about it.
>> Okay, we we'll we'll get back to you
then, too.
>> All right, we'll let you go. We know of
course you're headed to Singapore next.
That was Mark Brusher. Thank you so
much, sir. Thank you, for coming here on
set with us. That was chief cargo
officer at Qatar Airways. cargo right
just ahead here on the shows the [music]
South Korean president tells us that
Soul in Washington actually remains
stuck on details of this massive dollar
uh $350 billion investment pledge. That
conversation is coming up next. Plenty
more ahead. This is the [music] China
show.
>> [music]
>> Well, South Korea's president says talks
with Washington on a $350 billion
investment pledge remains stuck on all
the major details. We spoke to Li Muan
ahead of his Wednesday meeting with
President Trump on the sidelines of the
Apex summit.
The negotiations between Korea and the
United States are proceeding in two
areas of security and economics
simultaneously.
Negotiations in the field of security
issues are going very well, but
negotiations in the area of economics,
especially trade, have reached a
preliminary agreement and we're in the
process of hashing out the details. The
discussion is ongoing and there are some
differences of opinion, but the delay
does not necessarily mean that this is a
failure. We already have a comprehensive
agreement and we're currently working on
the details, so I would appreciate your
patience.
>> When it comes to Japan's deal, there
have been some divergent
interpretations. Is South Korea trying
to make it more specific than Japan's?
And if that's the case, could that
become more burdensome for Korea later
on? [snorts]
>> Korea is not Japan. I do not fully know
what deal the US and Japan has struck
but from our point of view we have our
own circumstances and we will reach a
rational result that suits us. Of course
the example of Japan or Europe could be
a base that we can refer to but in the
end we must find a way which takes into
account Korea's circumstances that is
acceptable to Korea and also helps the
United States in its manufacturing
renaissance. As we search for a mutually
beneficial path, there will be
differences as well as alignment of
opinions.
>> In finding common ground, could the size
of the US investment fund become
smaller?
>> The method of investment, the amount of
investment, the timeline, and how we
will share the losses and divide the
dividends. All of these remain sticking
points. The US will of course try to
maximize its interests, but it must not
be to the extent that causes
catastrophic consequences for South
Korea. The United States is the leading
country in the world when it comes to
democracy and rationality.
South Korea is an ally and friend of the
United States. So we believe that we
will be able to reach a rational result
that is acceptable to all sides and this
is what has to be done.
Even investing in the US seems somewhat
unstable, as we saw with the immigration
rate in Georgia. We understand Koreans
can now work at US factories with B1 and
ESTA visas. But when can we expect a
more fundamental solution?
>> I believe we can find a realistic
solution to the visa issue in the not
tooistant future. In fact, the visa
issue is less a problem for Korea than
it is for the United States. Korean
firms are taking risks by investing in
the United States. As a result, they
create jobs and help the manufacturing
renaissance. Providing an environment
for Korean firms to quickly build their
factories will be in the interest of the
United States. If there are restrictions
on Korean workers who build factories
and train employees, this will stall the
construction of factories. Thus, it's in
the interest of the United States to
quickly resolve these issues.
A highlight of the Apex summit is the
upcoming meeting between Presidents
Trump and Xiinping. How important is
this dialogue for South Korea?
>> When it comes to the supply chain, the
world is divided into two blocks facing
off each other. One led by the United
States and one by China. Korea is
situated both geographically and
economically between these two. We are
situated in between two grinding stones.
It's a situation akin to having both
arms pulled by China and the United
States. This is both a challenge and an
opportunity. We cherish our baseline
policy emphasizing the Korea US alliance
and Korea US Japan trilateral
cooperation. At the same time, we do not
seek to sever ties or pursue excessive
confrontation with China or socialist
nations. Korea will continue to cherish
and emphasize its alliance with the
United States and at the same time
manage its relationship with China.
>> Already Hano ocean's US subsidiaries are
caught in the middle though. Are you
concerned that other Korean companies
might become targets too? And do you
feel this is somewhat an unfair
situation?
From Korea's point of view, it's very
regretful and hard to understand that
Korean subsidiaries in the US have been
sanctioned by China because we were
cooperating with the United States. It's
highly likely that this is China's way
of applying pressure, signaling that
such incidents could continue to occur
in the future. Despite this, we'll
continue to pursue our basic stance,
which emphasizes the United States while
working to maintain good relations with
China. In any case, we will not directly
face off against China. On the outside,
it might seem that the United States is
very confrontational against China, but
at the same time, they continue to
ceaselessly communicate and cooperate in
areas where possible.
>> The Bank of Korea has left interest
rates unchanged again. If there are no
more rate cuts, will the government need
another extra budget?
Regarding the economic situation in
Korea, the interest rate is not the
issue. Rather, it's more a matter of
fiscal policy and economic policy. From
these three, I believe a stable economic
policy is most important. Next would be
the fiscal policy that supports economic
policy. If we were to lower interest
rates, this could stimulate real estate
prices, which is already an issue for
us. The BOK made the right decision by
keeping rates unchanged instead of
cutting them. In order to revive Korea's
economy and ensure sustainable growth,
the fiscal policy of the past may not be
sufficient, but it's not lacking either.
With additional measures such as
expansion of productive financing in
areas like high-tech development, which
we're focusing on, we'll be able to
build a foundation for economic revival
and sustainable growth.
What's surprising is that people
invested heavily in real estate and even
my parents always told me to buy a house
first, but now they're saying I should
buy stocks. How do you view this new
trend of growing assets?
>> The truth is the Republic of Korea is
sitting on a very dangerous potential
crisis, a ticking bomb that is excessive
real estate investment. Just look at
Japan. Its real estate bubble burst more
than 30 years ago and the country is
still dealing with the economic pain
today. Unfortunately, Korea is heading
down a similar path. Our property prices
are among the highest in the world. If
this trend continues, the bubble will
inevitably burst. When this happens, it
won't just be an economic crisis. We'll
face a severe crisis, not only
economically, but across all sectors. We
must prevent that from happening. That
means creating channels for capital to
flow into more productive sectors of the
economy. That's why I've been working
hard to remove unnecessary regulations
and irrational barriers in our capital
markets. We're beginning to see the
results. Funds are gradually shifting
from real estate into financial and
capital markets and public trust in
those markets has improved
significantly. You can see the results
reflected in the new record highs of the
COSP index, levels we've never seen
before. We need to stay on this course.
If we continue implementing national
policies that curb speculative real
estate investments and direct capital
towards productive areas, we can sustain
this positive momentum, that's the only
way to normalize the Korean economy back
to a healthy, sustainable path for
growth. We cannot give up on this path.
And that was the South Korean President
Liun there speaking to Bloomberg ahead
of his meeting with President Trump
later on this week. And if you are a
subscriber and want to rewatch that
interview, you can watch it of course
through our interactive TV function TV
go. We got plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[music]
All right, take you back to live
pictures out of Ko Lumpur here this
morning. You just saw those live
pictures of Lee Chang, the Chinese
premiere is there to start off with this
kind of Azan plus three summit there of
course. So that is underway and you are
seeing him being rolled out the red
carpet for of course the premiere this
on the back of what we saw uh this
framework of some sort of trade deal
between US and China that was ironed out
at KL. And the next stop of course is
Japan where President Trump is currently
on route to the country after leaving
Malaysia. And there you go. We continue
to see Anoir there with of course the
premiere. Let's head to our chief
Malaysia correspondent Stephen Angel. He
joins us now from Tokyo on the ground
awaiting the president. Steve, what's on
his agenda today?
Well, waiting patiently. Obviously,
President Trump will be leaving Malaysia
uh what late morning his time. We'll be
arriving here in Japan just after 5:00
p.m. local time. I'm standing in front
of the state guest house at the Akasaka
Palace where I was here as well. The
last time Donald Trump came here in May
of 2019, we saw uh the beast roll by.
I'm talking about the car of course with
Donald Trump inside going inside and
meeting then Prime Minister Shinszo
Abbe. Uh this time we're we can't
necessarily confirm that he will be
coming here to Akasaka Palace but it is
where uh the state receptions are
usually held for uh these official
meetings. Bilaterals which are scheduled
with the new prime minister Taki
IchiSan. Obviously, they probably will
have the most interesting dynamic uh
ahead of of course Donald Trump meeting
Xiinping on Thursday in Guongju uh
Korea. This one will be very
interesting. She's new on the job. She
is said to admire strong nationalistic
leaders. One of her heroes is Margaret
Thatcher. She wants to rejuvenate uh the
Japanese nation. She wants to rejuvenate
military spending. She said already she
wants to accelerate by a couple of years
uh upping of the defense budget uh to 2%
of national GDP [music]
uh ahead of schedule. That is even
something the Trump administration has
said might [music] be too conservative.
So there's lots to be seen on the Trump
Takiichi dynamic here in Tokyo.
>> All right. Fantastic.